[Applause]
once again debate number seven from Des
Moines Iowa six Democrats qualified for
tonight's showdown which is the last
before the Iowa caucuses next month and
this is the group onstage tonight
you can see his photo is it's so wide it
just got nominated for Best Picture
the closest is debate between Democrats
you talk a lot about diversity came to
diversity was that it was held at Drake
University and Drake you know Drake's
half black so that but that might be a
different much of the drama going into
tonight was centered on a feud between
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders have
been friends for many years
Warren claims that in 2018 before
they're running Sanders told her a woman
could not win the presidency
Bernie called that claim ludicrous he
said the conversation did not take place
and in his defense back in 1990 Bernie
Sanders was one of the first senators to
support a woman's right to vote but this
is a rare and unexpected rift between
the Senators they're usually on the same
page I mean up until now Bernie and
Elizabeth Warren have spent just about
every debate looking like a married
couple at a diner complaining that
they're sleepers in high
okay last night New Orleans the the LSU
Tigers beat the Clemson Tigers who in
the college football national title the
president first later we're at the game
you know seeing Melania out in public it
always reminds me when Morgan Freeman
got to drink a beer on the roof of
Shawshank Trump was thrilled with
himself
afterward he retweeted not one but two
videos of the crowd cheering for him it
was the biggest cheer ever bigger than
Neil Armstrong got when he came back
from the ruins the president loves to
get love from a crowd which I you know I
actually have an idea that could solve a
lot I say we move the Oval Office to the
Superdome Trump can sit at a desk on
right on the 50-yard line and get
cheered by people all day he'd be so
happy and maybe it'll distract him from
ruining the whole world right by the way
the president was the owner only notable
in attendance Cleveland Browns wide
receiver Odell Beckham jr. was there
Odell went to LSU and after the game he
rolled his tape he appeared handing out
money to the players of the winning team
big wads of cash I guess he doesn't have
venmo
I don't know what the deal is but so
then after the game and look watch this
he not just Jefferson he goes in another
wad of cash Odell was spotted after the
game with the jerseys of the players he
gave the money to and I don't know if he
bought them but this would all
presumably be an NCAA violation you
can't give money to college athletes but
an official from LSU claims the cash was
was faint it was fake money he was
handing out and everyone seems to have
accepted that story but let's look at
that again in slow motion here now I
examined this very closely and that's
either real money or Odell Beckham jr.
is one of the most notorious
counterfeiters in the world
this is funny too this is someone pulled
a pretty good one on the president last
month while he was in the crowd working
the crowd in a rally in Michigan and a
guy got the president to sign a copy of
his own impeachment report he's selling
it at auction he's hoping to get between
50 and $100,000 who's gonna buy the only
person who would pay $100,000 for Donald
Trump's autograph is Donald Trump we
could have a lot more memorabilia of
that type on the way tomorrow the house
is expected to hand the articles of
impeachment over to the Senate a Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says a
trial would begin as soon as Tuesday a
major sticking point is whether
witnesses would be called McConnell
doesn't want what human no trial without
witnesses but he said he doesn't want to
send the Senate on a fishing expedition
which you know asking the people who
actually saw and heard what they saw and
hurt isn't a fishing expedition it's a
trip to the aquarium okay
not only are there many witnesses
willing to speak including Trump's
former national security adviser John
Bolton today the House Intelligence
Committee released some damning new
evidence this is from one of Rudy
Giuliani's Ukrainian dirt diggers lab
harness that's left and this is a note
he wrote he wrote get zolensky to
announce that Biden case will be
investigated and not only that we also
learned that Rudy Giuliani sent this
letter to then president-elect zalenski
he wrote congratulations anything I can
do to help you or your country would be
a great honor blah blah blah however I
have a more specific request in my
capacity as personal counsel to
President Trump and with his knowledge
and consent I request a meeting with you
on this upcoming Monday May 13th or
Tuesday May 14th which is interesting
because and this may come as a shock to
you six months later the president told
Bill O'Reilly exactly the opposite of
that so you didn't you didn't direct him
to go there on your behalf you do but no
but but you have to understand Rudy is a
great corruption fighter
Rudy Zhu
but he's your personal lawyer Giuliani's
your personal lawyer so you didn't
direct him to go to Ukraine and do
anything or put anything well you know
if I didn't know better I would think
that someone here is not telling the
truth
help us Mitt Romney you're our only hope
and the Senate actually does its job and
conducts a fair trial our next president
for a few months anyway might be the guy
who up until now has been very busy
creating the space force in fact today
he swore in the new chief of the space
force the United States space Force will
have an extraordinary launch under
General J Raymond he's funny
swag out hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make those two
children's hospitals across the country
so you know